# CS230 Module 8 Journal
### Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The client was The Gaming Room they have puzzle competition app called Draw It or Lose It. There app was originally only available on the Andriod app store. They wanted a new application to be developed that would be web based so that it could be available across multiple platforms.
### What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I provided a really well and thought out evaluation of the different operating systems that could be used to complete this project. I provided information on how each operating system could be beneficial for this project, along with information on how each operating system might not be the right fit. 
### What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I found that creating the rest of the UML diagram was really helpful for developing the code. It provided a nice outline to follow and make sure that I completed all of the main aspects of the code. 
### If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would revise the design constraints section. When I originally completed that section I didn't have a super strong understanding on what would be considered a design constraint, but after completing this course I feel I have a much better understanding and could better complete that section now. 
### How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
When developing web based applications speed and intuitiveness are imperative things to keep in mind. If the application runs to slowly users aren't going to want to continue to use it. If the design of the website make sense and it isn't easy to follow users will be too intimidated to use the application. It's important to keep these in mind because in the end it's user satisfaction that is going to determine if you were successful.
### How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
You need to have a clear and consise mind when designing software. You should start small at first so you don't get confused and lost in complicated details. It's also important to plan out what you're trying to create. Creating a flowchart or pseudocode before you actually start coding is a great way to organize your thoughts and plan for a successful application. If you're creating software for someone else always keep their requirments and constraints in mind, it's important that you deliever the product that they want, but it's also helpful to use those requirements and constraints to help you focus better on what you're creating. 
